add docs for Assistant Memories (#1658)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-assistant/overview.md

![Findings detail with remediation advice](/img/assistant-guidance-ui.png)
***Figure***. PR comment displaying the rule message followed by a comment that contains Assistant-generated remediation guidance.

### Memories (beta)

Assistant Memories allows users to tailor Assistant's remediation guidance to their organization's standards and defaults on a per-project, per-rule basis. When Assistant gives a suggested fix, users can provide feedback by adding custom instructions.

> For example, if the code contains a hard-coded secret, Assistant might suggest using an SDK containing credentialing handling. However, if your company prefers to use a different secrets manager, you can provide this information to Assistant. Assistant then generates remediation guidance that works with your specific secrets manager in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the code contains a hardcoded secret, Assistant might suggest using an SDK containing credentialing handling. However, if your company prefers to use a different secrets manager, you can provide this information to Assistant. Assistant then generates remediation guidance that works with your specific secrets manager in the future.
```
